All right welcome back my student so our application is taking form we're going to replay some data
here that what we can get back to our comments right because that's our main goal here.
So let's go real quick to our post page and the story place and some other stuff.
So here says by we're going to replace this with the owner of the posts pose user name.
Hopefully we'll get that relationship and post.
We don't have that relationship so let's create a relationship pools function user
and return.
This
belongs to the user.
Let's see if we have that set up.
OK let's check it out real quick.
All we're really clear in that.
So as we have it available guys.
Whoops my bad.
So we do have it available.
We already set that up.
So you can see their change to that.
Cool.
All right.
So date posted on.
We can put some really cool dates here so I'm going to post it.
Post created this use carboned for this so we're going to see a diff for humans.
And guys remember this.
There are a lot of mentors I just like to use this one.
Well there are a line you can format that day however you want.
Let's replace that picture
pose for all file.
We go.
Let's get this let's get some content here.
And this would be Post body.
OK.
We don't have a lot of current polls of body or description for these polls right.
All right so now we've got to that comment this is really good.
Now we could put all categories in here too if you want to do that so that's that's static right here
actually.
We probably can work on down and that's your feature.
My main goal on this section here is our comments.
All right.
So if you want to have an let me see that's the
if you want to have categories you can.
All right.
Let's go back to.
We have categories.
Boy if you want to show them that's up to you for now.
Later on we will do them for sure.
We can go back to adenine layouts and post and you can see that we have them somewhere here blog category's
OK
.
There we go.
OK.
This is the blog sidebar widgets.
All right.
So if you want them this is where you would put take this back over there and create some type of another
yield yield maybe a sidebar and take it in in the post.
All right.
And we see it right here somewhere down here.
All right so that's up to you if you want to do that now.
Anyway thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next lecture